the students of the high school are paulo are in celebration the college invoiced the title of the
10th cup
the popular production prices
the semifinals of the 14th popular schools because of the prior death of
would be disputed the title
in the first round emotion took over the village only used in all he
convinced his plate change additive by 4 to 3 in the penalty shootout
the charge to collect
in the very useful sapucaí
and now I'm going to wait for the final game and how do I get out of the final square
we have focused on today, and there are not a few
it does not look good how will the two teams be and the scenes will
proceed
on the other side of the table the college liceu são paulo passed through inter in the victory
from 2 to 1
betting on the semifinal
to cerradinho
Vitinho was the experienced team of them in front of the company headquarters says after all
also promises a very balanced dispute even because the
two teams from the first phase were similar both came out second in the group
Thank God
the tie while eliseu are paulo seven wins and a loss lost a lot
balanced and has no favorite
the bay will get the win that takes less in the game
I hope to make a good game and we prepared ourselves during that week.
we will see what will happen are two very technical teams but I think the
which weighs more is the emotional side of the boys not in the three minutes
gustavo franco
goalkeeper defended
on the one hand the score for
this is one more time
all your talent
for each side
left-handed
in a rehearsed play matheu silva decreased to the sun village
in the second time and in a ball out error well the reaction of the sunflower
rafael kicked in on Gustavo
in less than 30 seconds Eliseu scored twice
I met Gabriel and made the third
in the net counterattack again started to make the fourth goal
the village does not exist grenade receives launch and touched on the scoreboard
gabriel stole the ball and pass the ball to gustavo
the goals of victory of the sky are paulo by 5 to 3
the inter phase passes from doing sorting
inter lauro wonder the liquid sisters of the year
It's what I expected, who interrupts us.